[docs] Update recommended structure to remove Dagster code from `__init__.py` (#23316)
dagster-io/dagster: docs/next/components/mdx/includes/dagster/DagsterDevTabs.mdx

</TabItem>
<TabItem name="From a module">

> Dagster can also load Python modules as [code locations](/concepts/code-locations). When this approach is used, Dagster loads the definitions defined in the module passed to the command line. It is recommended to define a variable containing the <PyObject object="Definitions" /> object in a submodule named `definitions` inside the Python module. In practice, the submodule can be created by adding a file named `definitions.py` at the root level of the Python module. As this style of development eliminates an entire class of Python import errors, we strongly recommend it for Dagster projects deployed to production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dagster can also load Python modules as [code locations](/concepts/code-locations). When this approach is used, Dagster loads the definitions defined in the module passed to the command line.

We recommend defining a variable containing the <PyObject object="Definitions" /> object in a submodule named `definitions` inside the Python module. In practice, the submodule can be created by adding a file named `definitions.py` at the root level of the Python module.

As this style of development eliminates an entire class of Python import errors, we strongly recommend it for Dagster projects deployed to production.
```

Let's break this up a bit - the paragraph is pretty visually dense and there's a lot to take in.

Author: Updated in [32844cf](https://github.com/dagster-io/dagster/pull/23316/commits/32844cfc77898e48eb467649e4206d343f619b4f)
